[MUSIC]
Today I'm joined by Paul Blaze,
PWC's Global and US Data and
Analytics Consulting Leader.
We'll hear from three business
leaders who joined the PWC's round
table who joined on fall of 2015.
As we discuss how organizations
like theirs can make better and
faster decisions with data and analytics.
[MUSIC]
Even in a world where we're able to
make increasingly more sophisticated and
faster decisions, we're not
suggesting it's just about the data.
There is certainly a role for gut
instinct, for experience, for intuition.
But how do you really kind of combine
that in the best possible way?
>> When you think about all the databases,
the systems being design in your
organizations, how they
interface with the users.
Is there a better way
to combine the art and
science of decision making with
all the tools we have available?
That will help people become better users.
[MUSIC]
>> But I like to actually think
of it as a translator skill.
You need someone to ride along as
the business is exploring the business
problem and you have this highly technical
person who understands capabilities,
but they don't understand
each other's worlds, right?
And if you have someone who does on your
team, utilize them much like you would use
a data scientist as a shared service,
and they actually become a translator.
The clientine, based on the problem,
brings together the technical person,
with the client engagement manager, to
make sure that two things happen, right?
The work that has been done
appropriately reflects the question
that the executive is asking and
then it's presented back in
the way that work's for you not for
the analyst who did the work.
>> The biggest data successes I have seen
are when somebody takes idea from one
domain combine's it with
a data asset they have and
just come's up with a brilliant
execution in the news base.
And those are the kinds of things
you only can see if you understand
the technology and its capabilities,
you understand your data and what it can
actually tell you about the world, and
you are thinking about the future
of business all at the same time.
[MUSIC]
>> We all, in our respective industries
we're used to saying, what is happening?
So it's just trend looking in the rear
view mirror and then we started asking,
why did that happen?
Right?
Which is root cause analysis.
And then we started saying can I predict
what's going to happen next, right,
that's predictive.
And I think that we're all working through
those three layers pretty rapidly as
industries.
But beyond that then it's what next
question should I be asking and
how can I use the data to ask
the next generation of questions and
that exploration and innovation has
to come with a into what value.
[MUSIC]
You just heard PWC professionals and
business leaders tell us how they
made better and
faster decisions using data and analytics.
What stood out to you in this video?
Take sometime to think about it and then
join other learners on a discussion board.
In the next video, we'll look at
how technology advancements and
data trends are changing
the ways organizations use data.
[MUSIC]